$
QAGEBND|Can you tell me your age last birthday?
SINGLE1;18-242;25-343;35-44
4;45-545;55-646;65-747;75-848;85+98;Refused$
QETH|Please could you tell me which group on this card you consider you belong to? Please just read out the number that applies.
SINGLE1;English / Welsh / Scottish / Northern Irish / British2;Irish3;Portuguese4;Polish5;Gypsy or Irish Traveller6;Other White – please specify7;White and Black Caribbean8;White and Black African9;White and Asian10;Other Mixed /multiple ethnic background –please specify11;Indian12;Pakistani13;Bangladeshi14;Chinese15;Other Asian –please specify16;Caribbean17;African Somali18;Other African19;Other Black background –please specify20;Latin American21;Arab95;Other ethnic group – please specify98;Refused$QGEN|Interviewer to code. IF UNSURE ASK POLITELY USING THE TERM ‘ WHAT IS YOUR GENDER IDENTITY’SINGLE1;Man (Including Trans man )2;Woman (Including Trans Woman)3;Other gender identity$Q5|Thinking about living in Lambeth; what are the most important things in making it a good place to live?SINGLE; TOP3A;Access to natureB;Activities for teenagersC;Affordable decent housingD;Clean streetsE;Community activitiesF;Cultural facilities (e.g. libraries, museums)G;Education provisionH;Facilities for young childrenI;Health servicesJ;Job prospectsK;The level of crimeL;The level of pollutionM;The level of traffic congestionN;Parks and open spacesO;Public transportP;Multicultural communityQ;Road and pavement repairsR;Shopping facilitiesS;Sports and leisure facilitiesT;Wage levelsU;Local cost of livingV;Neighbours get on togetherW;Location / centralX;Safety and security (inc. policing)Y;QuietZ;ParkingAA;Nice neighbourhood / local environmentBB;Sense of communityCC;Refuse collection / recyclingDD;Good services (unspecified)EE;Local amenitiesFF;LightingGG;Close proximity to work placeHH;Close proximity to London$Q11|Which of these statements most applies to you?SINGLE1;The changes I see in my local area benefit me and my family2;The changes I see in my local area don’t affect me and my family3;The changes I see in my local area make things more difficult for me and my family4;I don’t really see any changes$Q13|Please say how strongly you agree or disagree with each statement.SINGLE1;I feel like I belong to this neighbourhood2;The friendships and associations I have with other people in my neighbourhood mean a lot to me.3;If I needed advice about something I could go to someone in my neighbourhood.4;Neighbours around here help each other5;I would be willing to work together with others on something to improve my neighbourhood.6;Community events that I would like to get involved with happen in my area7;I regularly stop and talk with people in my neighbourhood.8;I would speak highly of my neighbourhood if asked$Q26|How was your last contact with the Council made?MULTICODEA;In personB;By telephoneC;By emailD;By letterE;Via the council’s website (online form)F;Via another websiteG;Via a social media (e.g. Facebook, Twitter etc.)CQ;Other (please specify)CS;Don’t know$Q29|In the past year, for which of the following reasons have you visited Lambeth Council’s websites, lambeth.gov.uk, love.lambeth.gov.uk?MULTICODEA;To find out about local events and activitiesB;To request or apply for a serviceC;To make a paymentD;To contact us or find out how to contact usE;To browse or locate statutory or service informationF;To find out about local politics and democracyG;For Lambeth Council newsH;Some other purposeI;I never use the Council websites$Q39|Looking at this showcard, which, if any, of these services provided by Lambeth Council have you, or a member of your household used in Lambeth in the last twelve months? Please just read out the numbers that apply.MULTICODEA;Nursery education (under 5s)B;Primary education (5-11s)C;Secondary education (11-18s)D;Pre or after school clubsE;Playgrounds and play areasF;Children's centresG;Youth clubs/centresH;One 'o' clock clubsI;Holiday activities and programmes for children (e.g. playschemes)J;Leisure and sports facilitiesK;LibrariesL;Parks and open spacesM;Housing advice and allocation servicesN;Housing benefit serviceO;Council tax benefitP;Doorstep recycling facilitiesQ;Estate recycling facilitiesR;Food waste recycling facilitiesS;Vale Street reuse and recycling centreT;Smugglers Way reuse and recycling centre, WandsworthU;Services for disabled peopleV;Social services for adultsCQ;Other services – please specifyCR;None of theseCS;Don’t know$Q50|Do you access the Internet at any of the following?MULTICODE OK (APART FROM ‘DON’T KNOW’ OR DO NOT ACCESS).A;At homeB;At another person’s homeC;At workD;At school/college/universityE;At a libraryF;Via my mobile phoneG;At an internet caféH;At a council officeCQ;Other – please specifyCR;I  do not access the internetCS;Don’t know